initialize doc/ folder (#35)
hytest-org/hytest: doc/ADR.md

# ADR - Architectural Decision Records

This is a lightweight documentation system meant to record
high-level decisions taken during the design of the project.
See <https://cognitect.com/blog/2011/11/15/documenting-architecture-decisions>
for the inspiration.

> ADRs are typically used on larger projects. We include them here
> to keep track of foundational decisions which affect contributors
> over the longer term.  ADRs start as a [new issue](https://github.com/hytest-org/hytest/issues/new) tagged with <kbd>ADR</kbd>.  Discussion and decisions are included
> in the issue's discussion thread. They are added to this index once accepted as a
> convenience to see them all in one place. (also available by
> a [search of the issues in this repo](https://github.com/hytest-org/hytest/issues?q=label%3AADR).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ADRs are typically used on larger projects. We include them here
to keep track of foundational decisions which affect contributors
over the longer term. 

For this project, we will not track ADRs as text/markdown files in our repository, as is typically done. Instead, we expect all major decisions to begin as a Github issue, and we expect a discussion and decisions to be made within that thread. To begin a discussion around a new decision point, a contributor should start a [new issue](https://github.com/hytest-org/hytest/issues/new) tagged with <kbd>ADR</kbd>. Once that issue comes to a resolution, it will be added to this index as a
convenience to see them all in one place. You can also find all ADRs by
a [search of the issues in this repo](https://github.com/hytest-org/hytest/issues?q=label%3AADR).

```

> | ADR Issue No.| Status | Description |

Reviewer: I'm not sure I understand what this table is? It is just showing a few examples of our ADRs?

Author: The original idea was to have a flat file for somebody to read... with a link to every accepted ADR in the issue database.   You could argue that it is redundant, in that the issue search gives more or less the same thing.

Reviewer: Ok - I'm fine with this! I was confused by the number scheme - are those just the issue numbers?

Author: yes... issue numbers.  Now that you mention it...that is a little odd.  Perhaps I should add 'issue' in front of each.  or some such.

Reviewer: Maybe this is fine...I was confused because I thought we were transferring over your ADRs from [your current repo](https://github.com/USGS-python/hytest_notebook_tutorials/tree/dev/doc/adr), and the numbers weren't aligning. But I see that you are suggesting that we just keep this markdown file up to date and link to the issues that are resolved with a decision (and do not copy over the current ADRs.
